 NEWS/ChangeLog for RedeR
--------------------------


 1.4.0  	2012-12-10

  IMPROVED FEATURES
    o Interface simplification: several deprecated low-level functions were moved to the addGraph/getGraph related methods.
    o All graph attributes are now set via addGraph/getGraph methods.
    o Loading performance: better xml serialization, data packing and post formats.

  BUG FIXES
    o Re-established GUI -> R calls.
    o Plugins: re-established JavaGD conection if required!
    o Some routines were simplified for better maintenance.

 1.3.0		-

 1.2.0		2012-03-25

  IMPROVED FEATURES
    o Loading performance, xml serialization, data packing and post formats.
    o Server/client connection.
    o Control over the app main features from R.
    o Node-container assignment options.

  BUG FIXES
    o Correction/fine-tune of dynamic layout function under zoom-in/zoom-out requests.
    o Merge out-edge function is fixed to rescale with node size.
    o Legend function is fixed for node/edge shape attributes.
    o Legend color is fixed for two-palette option.
    o The method 'addGraph' is fixed to load/convert directed graphs from igraph to RedeR.

 1.1.0		-

 1.0.0		2011-11-01	[1st public release in Bioconductor]

  NEW FEATURES
    o Improved settings for nested objects (parent, gscale, and gcoord features).
    o Improved interface, better connection between R and Java.
    o Improved uploading speed.
    o Added a pre-processed dataset to demonstrate the package in the upcoming case studies.  
    o Container status now can be set to transparence.
    o Graphs can be printed using local PDF and PostScript printers 
      (for better quality).
    o Nodes can be assigned to containers 
      (to allow subnetworks with overlapping nodes)
    o Graphs can be added to the current session also via app.
    o Improved I/O routines and interactivity.
    o Improved static and dynamic layouts for containers.
    o New method to send series of graphs to RedeR.
    o New method to duplicate graphs and subgraphs in a network.
    o New method to nest graphs and subgraphs in a network.
    o New method to nest hclust objects in a network.
    o "RedeR" is set as the final name for the "dyNet-RDyNet" project.

  BUG FIXES
    o Some routines are more simplified for easier maintenance.
    o PostScript corrected for R interface.
    o Arrows set to large edges.
    o Zoom of nested objects now returns to default after released.  
    o Synchronization of dynamic layout is fixed for dense networks.
    o Data loading/transfer via xmlrpc protocol is set for better performance.
    o KK layout algorithm was removed due to unresolved 3rd part exceptions.
    o Improvements on several features in both R and Java side of the package.

2011-03-23	[1st public release]
